<wiki:toc depth="7">

= Basic settings =
  TWICE_LOT - The value of max. volume, after which the adviser will split the amount of orders put up in equal parts.
  MN - Magick which will work advisor. others magick will not be processed
  == Grid Settings Limit ==
    * Main Grid Properties (mgp) - setting up a basic grid main grid - a grid of level 1. Netting is constructed from a parent orders billed manually, or open an adviser to one of the built-in strategies. Nets constructed from the stop orders are subsidiaries and have a level 2 or more
  === Setting target with ===
    * mgp_Target - Fixed value target with (or is canceled using useAVG_H1 useAVG_D)
    * mgp_TargetPlus - target with an increase depending on the level on points mgp_TargetPlus
  ==== Settings TakeProfit ====
    * mgp_TP_on_first - count. items to be placed on the parent order m, when the child is not triggered orders
    * mgp_TP - count. items to be placed on the work warrants m grid. calculated on the last warrants triggered
    * mgp_TPPlus - m increase in the level of a specified number of points.
  ==== Settings stoploss ====
    * mgp_needSLToAll - true / false - display words by the whole grid on the last warrants or separately for each order
    * mgp_SL - depends on the dimension of mgp_needSLToAll: items
    * mgp_SLPlus - Increase cl depending on the current grid
  ==== Setting Limmit Grid ====
    * mgp_useLimOrders = true / false - enables an adviser to limit use of the grid
    * mgp_LimLevels - Limit the number of levels of the grid, including the parent of a warrant
  ==== Setting the averaging ====
    * mgp_plusVol - an increase of the trace. level by an amount mgp_plusVol (+)
    * mgp_multiplyVol - an increase of the trace. level mgp_multiplyVol times (*)
Setting up an additional limit order after operation, an additional limit order is an order to be a parent of a grid of the second order agreement: a grid for an additional warrant is calculated from the grid configuration settings Limit
add_useAddLimit = true / false - enables an adviser to put an additional limit order as a parent
add_LimitLevel - the level of the grid on which the price will be calculated incremental order
add_Limit_Pip - how many points will be put on the level of an additional order
add_Limit_useLevelVol = true / false - enables an adviser to use a different configuration will be used add_Limit_multiplyVol add_Limit_fixVol
add_Limit_multiplyVol - coefficients. multiplying the volume level of the main grid add_LimitLevel limit orders
add_Limit_fixVol - a fixed amount of additional orders
Setting up additional orders after the stop trigger, an additional stop order is an order to be a parent of a grid of order
Agreement: a grid for an additional warrant is calculated from the grid configuration Limit
add_useAddStop = true / false - enables an adviser to put an additional stop order as the parent
add_StopLevel - the level of the grid on which the price will be calculated an additional warrant. Parental Order is on the 1st level
add_Stop_Pip - how many points will be put on the level of an additional order
add_Stop_useLevelVol = true / false - enables an adviser to use a different configuration will be used add_Stop_multiplyVol add_Stop_fixVol
add_Stop_multiplyVol - coefficients. multiplying the volume level of the main grid add_StopLevel limit orders
add_Stop_fixVol - a fixed amount of additional orders
Stop orders and child grid
Setting of stop orders
SO_useStopLevels = true / false - enables an adviser to use the nomination of stop orders
SO_Levels - 1 - number of levels coincides with the levels of limit orders, or sets of stop levels kolichetvo
SO_StartLevel - the level at which stop orders are set for the parent. The parent has an index of a warrant
SO_useLimLevelVol = true / false - enables use of the volume of the current level of Limit grid to calculate the volume of stop orders
SO_LimLevelVol_Divide - dividing the volume of lymph. order to calculate the amount of feet. to the level of LevelVolParent. For -1 exhibited the parent volume
SO_EndLevel - Settings SO_useLimLevelVol SO_LimLevelVol_Divide and will be used to this level including
SO_ContinueLevel - Includes up to this level and will continue to exhibit SO_Levels stop orders.
SO_ContLevelVol_Divide - To calculate the amount of value is the amount of current Limit level.
Setting child grids
SO_useKoefProp true / false - enables an adviser to use a target with the settings, m and lyrics for the child grid as a coefficient. multiplication with respect to the settings of the parent grid.
SO_Target - depending on SO_useKoefProp will be set to target with before. net * SO_Target, or fix a point value, converted to an integer, for any child of the grid.
SO_TP - a description similar to before. setting
SO_TP_on_first - a description similar to before. setup, only with a delay of one order
SO_SL - a description similar to before. setting